What we have set for something is the family .
Defender culture has developed this
2 We did not do that
I'm writing to tell you it's better .
Tips to give a receipt received this Thing
Oh, no. Oh, and you have not set one.
I do not know what to do,
The environment is created, and when we work on the tip ,
Do we have to think
Oh, if we give them what we need not to be, they're wrong.
The tip is that I am now in regulation at this station
I just did this deal.
If your opponent does a deal, you should be kind to me more than the standard.
Off avoid any further inconvenience to my two very henggeo are trying to do something
If there's anything I need to do, I'll have to pay more for something.
But because I do not get the price out of the regulations, it's because this guy did it well.
It would have to be TV to pay that price to this person .
I went to a bar.
I have a mistake in it.
And do not keep drinking.
But naohmyeonseo drinks will also be wrong in obtaining these orders to zoom it t
Something I olttaeneun coming to this pub aura will also be something different away
There will be a reason.
By the side 2 If I get a little bit of this
I have to do something for him.
If you do not hurry, you have to make an effort.
On tv
Oh, where is it ? I go sightseeing, so this is a tip
If you tell them that you have to leave
I could not bear to come put you out if you learned some basics
And
I can come and eat.
Then everyone else is better, why are you not good
I do not have anything to do with me.
The tip is to give to the person who gives it.
Well , then, if I let the people of the G-Seven Hotel in front of me
It will be in two days
Besides that,
I was kind or something. I need to carry the bag.
I gave it to him.
If you have done that kind of heart,
I recommend
What did you do when your opponent did well and did not pay you ?
Think about something I have always guilty
Guilty mind, and then there is a little something I'm going to give this little toad-year-old courtyard
It happens to my malyijyo this little toad on to something that has been t
Something 2
This is a good 2 minutes *.
Then I will go on living this life.
Things should be good malyijyo there is a good result which is not coming
I do not know, I see losses
If you go Well, where were those that treat these that something very good Who
When I came to give you something to do exactly what I had,
I will
So what I do is get caught
This is the law of nature .
Also, do not forget in front of Barranquilla
I'm the person to do something this place is on the line ah haeteuni this happen to my
If I wanted to do this
Come on. This is not a loss to you.
Energy deseo different sizes if I turn my energy would also rather turn
Also coming in
Uh , if I had been taught to these people here that I left the phone ,
I'll write it if I want to write something economical.
Once written elsewhere it will be supplemented with a yo-yo're back
If you spend money right in the fast pace
It comes to us as a ship.
Well, if I did not put this in the right place ,
I can not afford it.
This one word has released the wrong one will get out well let them come in here.
It should not have come malyijyo This is causing a great loss
Man should be free from hanging.
That's why I'm studying right and wrong.
And I will not do what is not done and give strength to my shoulders.
It gave a tip I have to give and do not pull their doors
No, you can not give them white.
My opponent did not try, but once I give it up, I get disgusted.
Then I will become -
Liege is trying handeda opponent if I do not pay it, I shrug
do
That two days are not called.
The child that we are giving and receiving is the energy
Oh, how we yoge I went along the same passion we solved them very well
My life is joyful.
We do good things like this and we live our lives like this.
So now, what is in-house and what we are giving and receiving is great
Important
2 There is a principle of circulation.
Yes, yes.